Terms of Service

Last updated: 4/30/2024

1. Introduction
Welcome to Scan To Post, the mobile application that helps you find vegan restaurants, recipes, related vegan options and determine if food items are vegan ("Service") operated by Firas Zuriekat.

2. Agreement to Terms
By using our Service, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms, then you do not have permission to access the Service.

3. Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features, and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Firas Zuriekat.
4. Use License

Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the app per device for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only.
This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license, you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained in the app;
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
5. Disclaimer
The materials within the app are provided on an 'as is' basis. Firas Zuriekat makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.

6. Limitation of Liability
In no event shall Firas Zuriekat be liable for any consequential damages arising out of the use or inability to use the app.

7. Modifications
Firas Zuriekat may revise these terms of service for its app at any time without notice. By using this app, you are agreeing to be bound by the then-current version of these terms of service.

8. Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of California, USA and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.

Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at 2learn1234@gmail.com.